hey guys it's over here this video has
been requested for a very long time so
I'm really excited to share with you how
I make my hummus specifically we're
gonna be making roasted red pepper
hummus which is my all-time favorite it
is so creamy so tasting so delicious I
love it
so let's get started for our hummus we
will need chickpeas or garbanzo beans
garlic lemon juice tahini roasted red
peppers and some water for seasoning
we're going to use ground cumin salt and
cayenne pepper as always you can find
the exact measurements and directions
for this recipe on my blog at fab
landcom since we're using canned
chickpeas for this recipe the first step
is to rinse them under cold water then
we're going to cut the garlic and
roasted red peppers
place chickpeas and a food processor or
blender and process until you get a
stiff paste like this add the rest of
the ingredients except for water and
peppers to your chickpeas and process
for 30 seconds so if you want the basic
hummus recipe this is where you will
stop but we're going to kick it up a
notch
and add our roasted red peppers finally
with the food processor still running as
the water to reach the desired
consistency and continue processing for
two more minutes
voila our roasted red pepper hummus is
done
guys this is the creamiest and most
delicious hummus you will ever taste
just look at how gorgeous it is place
hummus in a bowl and cover with saran
wrap let rest like this for 30 minutes
before eating or place in the fridge if
you're not planning on eating it right
away
to serve the hummer you can place some
diced roasted red peppers on top or add
a dash of cayenne pepper I love
different fresh wedges in hummus and
eating it with lutein free crackers you
guys are always asking me which crackers
I would recommend so these are the
crackers that I get most of the time
they're gluten free and organic thank
you so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this video and it's so please
don't forget to give it a thumbs up it
would really help me out and subscribe
to my channel down below from a
healthier lunch and snack ideas let me
know in the comments what karna Hamid is
your favorite and how you like to eat
your hummus
I'm going to link a few recipes where I
do spend summers in the description box
and also at the end of this video so you
guys can check it out oh oh you're
having a great week staying warm and
healthy I love you guys and I'll see you
in my next video bye
[Music]
why am I dressed up I don't know I just
felt like it
[Music]